# quantum-classification

Quantum machine learning is a research area that explores the interplay of ideas from quantum computing and machine learning.
Quantum machine learning adds a completely new type of computing device to the machine learning hardware pool: the quantum computer. Quantum computers process data using a set of fundamentally distinct physical principles known as quantum theory. Some research focuses on perfect, universal quantum computers (also known as "fault-tolerant QPUs"), which are yet years away.
One of the promising candidates to show a useful quantum advantage on near-term devices, so called noisy intermediate-scale quantum (NISQ) devices \cite{qsvmHavlicek} is believed to be trainable for machine learning tasks (approach tackled in this research) . Different types of machine learning exists, most of them boiling down to supplying data to a computer, which then learns to produce a required outcome. The more data is given, the closer the outcome will be to the actual solution or the higher the probability will be that the ‘correct solution’ is found. Even though machine learning, using classical computers, has solved numerous problems and improved approximate solutions of many others, it also has its limitations. Training machine learning models requires many data samples and models may require a long time to be trained or produce correct answers.In this research we experiment some near future machine learning applications using NISQ devices and variational quantum algorithms and benchmark their capabilities compared to their classical counterparts. 
